What is punk? I thought I knew the answer to this question, but upon further thought, I found that I really do not know the answer to this question. I certainly have an idea of punk, it is a counterculture. But I think this term merely grazes the essence of punk. I think punk is aggressive counter culture, in that where a hegemonic culture or really any majority culture, whatever that may be is astutely refuted at every opprotunity. Where the mainstream would go right, the punk would go left, declaring "I'm going left for the sake of going left because it is not what you are doing". Or the pounk might subtly go left, making it a point to go left quietly even though everyone else is going right. I think that punk is being rebellious for the sake of challenging an established status quo. I would go so far as to say that punk is a romantic notion of rebellion in the way it celebrates rebellious spirit in spite of any damage this may cause for the mainstream has already destroyed. Punk is about dismantling and undoing what has been done because what has been done does not work for everybody. It is about asserting oneself into the world proudly, free of fear of judgement from mainstream on lookers. Is this a good thing? Perhaps, if you desire attention, or you are upset with "the way things are". Punk is a category then that is a manifestation of the disgruntled, it is the accumulation of voices and opinions that have been muted for whatever reason (typically because they do not fit the standard moulds of "normalcy") that are then released through arguably pure forms of human creation. Thus we see punk music, punk style, punk people even. But the spikey haired, leather jacket, ripped jeans, tattooed and pierced all over identifiers of original punks has lost its punk meaning because the mainstream has now adopted these aesthetic qualities. So has punk disappeared? No, it has merely changed form, for punk is an aggressive counterculture and so it will always continue to aggressively refute and criticize a given majority culture through creative critical expression. Because that is what resonates with people. That is why mainstream people now dress like punks of the past, their creative work has resonated with the mainstream and has been adopted into commonplace. It may just be aesthetic, but some people are aware of the struggle that manifested these things. Perhaps aestheticism is pertinent to punk because its the first thing we as humans employ to identify one's place. So, I think that punk is a critically creative and aggressive counterculture that is an amalgamation of disdain with a majority culture or cultures.  